In the last lecture we implemented the routing the routes the router module and ultra ultra low drought's.
But probably we also want to navigate for that in app component or add a def which should hold some
router links and for that we use normal anger or attacks but I remove the ref attribute instead instead
at the router link directive and here I don't set up square brackets because I simply pass a string
and a shortcut for that simply using a string like this.
Now you could wrap it in square brackets though and then simply pass a string between single quotation
marks since whatever you have between the double quotation marks will now be interpreted that dynamically.
So it would look for a property named bulldog instead was the string you entered.
So I will admit the square Bechet sort of Them am able to use a shorter style of just having blague
here.
However the first round should just be slash.
My route route and here I want to go home.
Here of course I want to go to the blog and for the last one slash account I want to go to account.
Of course the paths you define here have to match the paths you set up here just with a slash in front
of them to make them absolute pauvres so that they replace the existing pot completely each time you
click on one of these links.
Now with that if we save this you'll see we have links at the top.
Not super pretty but a trip to the chart.
If you click on them we can switch between our pages just nice and that is how we can implement a very
very basic routing functionality.
Of course the router just like all the regular package just has to offer a lot more.
But for this basic first introduction this should give you a nice impression of what you can do with
it.